feat(flags): Add browser JS integration docs for Launchdarkly (#11839)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/launchdarkly.mdx

---
title: LaunchDarkly

> description: "Attaches recent LaunchDarkly feature flag evaluations to error event context."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to attach LaunchDarkly feature flag evaluations to error event context."
```

Reviewer 2: @cmanallen Should this be expanded to feature flag **change** tracking?

Reviewer 3: Is this too verbose? "Learn how to attach recent LaunchDarkly feature flag evaluations to your error event context"

> @cmanallen Should this be expanded to feature flag change tracking?

@jas-kas The SDK integration doesn't track FF changes, only evaluations leading up to the error. Changes are tracked through the webhook, maybe we can link the docs for that

Reviewer 3: ^ basically +1 to Michelle's comment below!

notSupported:
  - javascript.aws-lambda
  - javascript.azure-functions
  - javascript.bun
  - javascript.capacitor
  - javascript.cloudflare
  - javascript.connect
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.deno
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.express
  - javascript.fastify
  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.nodejs
  - javascript.wasm
---

<Alert level="info">

> This integration only works inside a browser environment.

Reviewer 2: Should we re-frame this to just call out JavaScript and Python as supported SDKs?

</Alert>

_Import name: `Sentry.launchDarklyIntegration` and `Sentry.buildLaunchDarklyFlagUsedHandler`_

> 
> The [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) integration tracks feature flag evaluations produced by the LaunchDarkly SDK. These evaluations are held in memory and, in the event an error occurs, sent to Sentry for review and analysis. **At the moment, we only support boolean flag evaluations.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) integration tracks feature flag evaluations produced by the LaunchDarkly SDK. These evaluations are held in memory and, if an error occurs, sent to Sentry for review and analysis. **At the moment, we only support boolean flag evaluations.**
```

```JavaScript
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/browser';
import * as LaunchDarkly from 'launchdarkly-js-client-sdk';

Sentry.init({integrations: [Sentry.launchDarklyIntegration()]});

const ldClient = LaunchDarkly.initialize(
    'my-client-ID',
    {kind: 'user', key: 'my-user-context-key'},
    {inspectors: [Sentry.buildLaunchDarklyFlagUsedHandler()]}
);
const flagVal = ldClient.variation('my-flag', false); // evaluates a flag
```

> Learn more about the LaunchDarkly SDK at https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/client-side/javascript.
> At the moment, **we do not officially support framework-specific LaunchDarkly
> SDKs.** However, you may reuse this setup code for React and client-side Node.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the [LaunchDarkly SDK] (https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/client-side/javascript).
At the moment, **we don't officially support framework-specific LaunchDarkly
SDKs.** However, you can reuse this setup code for React and client-side Node.js.
```

> ## Options
> 
> There are no setup options for this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Options

There are no setup options for this integration.
```
Same comment as for open feature - maybe it's best to delete this section?

Reviewer 3: I left it in so we'd remember to update it if we add options in the future. Don't have strong opinions on this though
